with over 30 of these upgrades under my
belt I've gotten pretty good at uh
minimizing my
mistakes into his house which is why I
took extreme offense when Sam from the
editing team told me his plan for his
$5,000 AMD ultimate Tech upgrade we made
it easy on him really mine brother Dost
thou not trusteth me I mean I can kind
of see what he means Sam's a simple guy
I mean con
guy which is why he used part of his
budget for this latest greatest AMD
handheld gaming console the Rog Ally
wait this is the old one you're
modifying it oh no how is this easy I
thought that was your theme have
fun thanks slus
[Music]
before we get to the Ally upgrade we
need to kind of address the elephant in
the room you used to work in customer
service which means you've almost
certainly stolen some creater Warehouse
merch and before I even finish this
sentence I noticed that last of us
statue how the hell did you end up with
that uh there's a website called eBay
you know uh-huh so that's not the one
that we had it's definitely not the one
you have well yeah it's not the one I
have cuz I don't have one anymore how
about this one and that one I made that
myself you did not
I did wa you actually did yes sir yeah
it's kind of crappy compared to like the
store bought ones yes it
is there's also no way that you were
dumb enough to pay full price for this
Evangelion router that's got to be from
work so fun fact I actually made a video
on how I made that and that video was
the portfolio of mine that I used to
apply for the job wait when you applied
for customer service you ripped apart a
phone no it was the video editing job
oh that makes way more sense cuz that
would make no sense at all it's like
look how good I am at destroying things
yeah artfully that
work unless I'm lus hey hey hey hey
you're busted on this one you are busted
on the dark plates yeah there's no way I
can prove it
otherwise it's mine I I didn't say
anything I didn't say anything I bought
it in
vinnegar
2200 km what I FLW it
here you flew it here you did not I did
actually you air shipped this TV to
yourself you know they have ground
shipping right I officially believe you
when you say you wasted money on stuff
now let's have a look at your pile
speaking of wasting money did you
develop photos what year how old are you
that's saved for later I'll show you
I'll show you are you just like the
world's most well-preserved Boomer
enough shaming you for your fake nuts
wait these are real they're just ancient
oh no I'm not going to eat that these
are so old age is not seasoning whatever
my mom would tell me all right get your
upgrades I should have upgraded my
nuts that
didn't that that laugh says that what he
said was
true all right we're off to a good start
why don't you tell me what we're doing
with your R Ally here by the time I got
this I did not know that they're going
to come out with a new one so I thought
yeah I'll just pump it up you know like
uh get back played with the heat sink
and cool it and have full TB on it so
that I can put every game ever wo all
right except one small problem you know
that the original Ally doesn't support
80mm M
do2s I did think about that and Tada oh
that's super cool I'm honestly amazed
that this product took so long to exist
it's a little adapter for the m.2 slot
that I guess allows you to mount a
fulllength drive but then do you need an
aftermarket back plate or no no it's
just I just like it okay let's have a
look which gives us a perfect
opportunity to show off the new
Precision LTT screwdriver
kit oh balls or should I say nuts man
we've got a lot of stuff to get to today
and I noticed not not an air conditioner
boy would that have ever been a nice one
to start with what is this flammable
liquid you've got as part of your
upgrade can you grab that natural
renewable green bioethanol for the
indoor fireplace I got here you bought
what so you're heating the place yep it
was cold when I started buying stuff for
the
upgrade we need to position this screw
exactly sticking up where the SSD is
going to come down we're going to screw
in the adapter so now the screw is
sticking through the bottom okay we take
the original screw we screw in the
adapter we take the SSD we nut it now we
find someone with the world's smallest
fies basically L to twist the it's a
good thing you think you're funny and
they think you're funny that Elijah
thinks you're funny uh does anyone have
any tweezers I cannot get this thing and
it's made of brass so I can't magnet it
ew ew you he licked his finger he making
it sticky that is not a lubricant oh my
God fine a now I have to touch your spit
finger I used a different
finger so your hands are just that
sweaty wow that's so much better he
bought a fireplace it's hot in here it's
not on though okay oh my God you guys
this does not look like a simple upgrade
oh we got to rip the back buttons out
and the triggers and actually I didn't
think about that before it's supposed to
cool this yeah okay there boom so that
does come off perfect or just throw at
my idea of reading the instructions yeah
lus please read the instruction before
you stick look the heat pipe obviously
goes there right sure you can say
Obviously look see look
Lego okay in all seriousness there
probably is some Hardware that needs to
yeah there's like oh my God there's a
lot oh hey comes with the gloves uh here
we go Elijah I'm not doing it actually
that seems like a really good idea okay
Elijah uh you could figure this out a
okay let's go look at something else
while Elijah figures that out AMD is
doing another giveaway this time for
three of their brand new ryzen 7 9700x
CPUs that come out today this latest
chip features eight Zen 5 cores 16
threads it boosts up to 5.5 GHz all
while having just a 65 wat TDP all
you've got to do for a chance to win is
visit the link in the video description
now let's continue the upgrade elij is
looking chilly why don't we move on to
the fireplace next I'm going to assume
it goes here to replace this caveman
technology fire that you've got I'll
help you out with
that yeah I was going to say what
brother what are you doing it's like the
whole thing is liquid that's probably so
before we get any further then don't
touch this when it's on okay all right
okay it can't be that hard I had to fly
it all the way from Germany so you got
like tattoo from India fire from Germany
is that like your is that your thing
yeah I'm the next Mr
worldwide all is all that's left is
cringe yep learn from the
best this is what I hate about hiring
viewers 1,00 Watts why damn Elijah we're
going to get you right taken care of
you'll never be cold
again God
oh yeah it's spinning on your hands uh
yeah no I think we're good I think we're
good I think we're good I think we're
good well that's okay the excess fuel
will burn
off along with the
house well not if we light it outside
let's light it outside okay wait don't
we we turn it on or something I
no did you read the ow it's hot wait
don't do that then oh it's on fire it's
burning oh I get it that's what the
spiral here is for oh that's so cool so
it uses convection to do like a twisty
flame thing oh that's sick here you go
Elijah really right there for your
convenience and warmth okay I don't it's
really hot above it I was trying to look
down and see the spot yeah dude it's
fire it's
fire
oh well thank you you're welcome uh can
we not have it here no no this is a good
spot
for it's not part of the upgrade
oh all right well why don't we do these
speakers instead then want to show me
where they go yeah let's go to the bedro
you going to get the other one also
let's go to the bedroom we really got to
stop hiring
fans what what wait a minute we didn't
come in here when I was looking for
stool this is the Evangelion PC from
short circuit how the devil do you have
this also you took your name tag from
your desk it's from Creer Warehouse it's
my uh what do you call it name tag no
but what do you call that name tag
souvenir souvenir it's
for dude you can't just decide that
stuff at the office is a s is this a
souvenir
yes I actually wanted to part yeah
that's what they all say talk about
these speakers so yeah I want to get
into to music production because I like
it as a hobby I can continue on the Sony
1000 hm4 XM 4S so want this the Yamaha
hs5 in your own words tell us why you
feel it's important to have studio
monitors rather than you know doing
music production on something like these
Sony
xm4 well it's as important as RGB is to
gaming no no for real like for different
special um scenarios you want to
uh play it out and test how it sounds
cuz like something sounding good in
headphones it doesn't mean it's going to
sound good in speakers or car so you got
to have this got it okay and I see
you've already got yourself some nice
stance some don't I barely got it high
enough adequate stands oh
buddy Amazon
quality let's let's lay flat maybe oh
really yeah yeah oh okay all right okay
this way is is there a correct way move
the Twitter away so that it's as
separate as possible okay but that's
just me though don't comment and roast
me please yeah go ahead comment roast
him I mean that is the whole point of
these videos right for all the armchair
experts to tell us that we're doing
everything wrong that's the only reason
we upload to Youtube I mean if we didn't
want them to do that then we would just
make the videos keepe them on our server
watch them for our own enjoyment we'd
probably be
happier yeah
oh that's going to be really loud you
may want to turn those down a touch
something dead mouse of all people
taught me is that with a particularly
high quality speaker sometimes it's
difficult to tell that you're listening
to something way too loud so I went into
his studio and I like turned it up to a
comfortable listening volume and he was
like whoa whoa bro and like turn it down
so
okay man studio monitors are just such a
I want to have really good audio hack
like especially when you consider that
what he paid for these that 400 CAD yes
yeah it's less than people are spending
on like stupid airpods Macs or whatever
you know which are not even close but
are portable so you know teach their own
see you
later why are you here I finished really
yes sir I'm good job
hey were you going to wipe the inside
before you reassembled it no it's not my
job
his fiance said he she likes the other
one better oh really really yeah the one
without the big thumb print right here
there's a th print over there I told you
to wear the gloves man yeah he said no
glove no love it was already so hot in
here I'm not putting gloves on I
actually had to turn off the fire how
dare you I'm sorry it how dare you I was
starting to sweat starting to oh my
goodness well everything else is stock
right yep wse molding on the aftermarket
back actually pretty good sometimes
these third party accessories can have
fit and finish issues but this is nice I
like it why don't you take it for a test
drive and show us your gaming skills
actually this isn't really going to work
to show you guys why don't we set up the
RGB Docking Station from J sou same
company as the back plate oh okay then I
actually have some confidence that this
thing won't suck let's throw it up on
the TV I think I need this one this is
the plan with this one right uh yes this
is 100 100 yeah okay okay cool then yes
I let's redo that just go fck it
up I didn't want to look incompetent do
you have few your later no really that
close to the TV burn it'll be
fine can't bir to fall on me and kill me
it's a whole new meaning to the OLED
burins it's not going to kill you maybe
another concussion that means I get time
off while Elijah's working on that
I would like to discover why it is that
you burst out laughing every single time
I touch this London Drugs photo lab
envelope it is part of the whole setup I
planning uh which is the meta Quest 3
mhm okay well here's your meta Quest 3
explain uh why didn't you unbox it
actually oh my God what is wrong with
you
guys
wait are these are these you no
who are they who who is this this is
Elijah's
eyes where did you get that
photo really yeah okay wait what there's
more do you know about this no I
actually didn't know about this at
all let
me
what oh hey I like
oh and he can't put a helmet on
successfully he really is a Liah we
really need to stop hiring fans I hate
this so much yeah now you know how I
feel you ready to stop sing now yeah I'm
over it cuz this is what you look like I
want the helmet meme to die please I
always love doing video projects with
editors because they just like are on it
like oh how are we sinking that audio oh
how are we doing the screen cap it's
nice no one else thinks of it like the
editors do where is it again though I
don't
remember believe it or not I cannot see
the things you see right
now yep what I'm seeing is much
creepier you find aiz a creepy man oh my
God I can't believe I'm putting this
stupid thing on here can I oh it Su it I
feel ridiculous dude you are not getting
a helmet I could see you don't see me I
can see
you oh my
god
unbeliev well that helmet's garbage
now I'm not putting it on I thought you
were going to it's going to be like Thor
getting his hammer
back want to find a spot for this yes
sir wow it's really warm next to
that you know creative warehous doesn't
leave you you can leave cre warehous but
like it stays with you I don't know if
that sounds inspirational or
creepy that makes it sound like we're
even more of a sweat shop than the
internet thinks I was going to say cult
that's why instead of restraining orders
we gave these simps jobs I didn't even
watch lt2 that much shut up you have
I've had multiple people bring this up
to me you're in encyclopedic knowledge
of every video that we've ever made
they'll be like yeah yeah whenever I'm
not sure I'm like hey have we ever
something he'll be like oh yeah that
weird obscure part was featured in a
completely unrelated video at probably
around the Midway Mark and I'm right
every time you know you can choose to
get rid of me anytime oh that's a nice
Rumble satisfying no seriously here fill
this Rumble why you guys got to make
things weird well you told us to feel
the rumble there's only one controller
left we sh started the feeling
we need to hire some
adults technically I'm an adult I'm 18
plus oh weird you're an adult just refer
to yourself as an adult yes please when
you say 18 plus it immediately incu stop
okay feel that Rubble hold it hold it o
ah right yeah you feel it
depth feel the dep immediately made it
weird I was going to say should we hook
up the sound bar
first oh we're not even ready to game
yet what this whole thing what a tease
fine and this just brightens up the room
wait so is the couch part of the upgrade
too it it actually is oh okay the couch
and what did you have
before uh nothing how long have you been
in this place I moved in in at the end
of January
and it was the timings Kind of Perfect
for the upgrade it's been seven months
what do you mean
perfect oh I also have the Linus
uh pillows look at this see it
matches you took these from
work they let me take from
work I pre-plan it so like you know you
don't even you can't even tell it's to
different things editor put the hex code
for each one on
screen # orang or r a n g
e so you got a sound bar yes sir did you
have speakers before or everything was
just coming out of your TV just TV who
recommended it just you you just like
Googled it you found okay cool I me and
myself cool all right well let's set it
up the sub that came with the unit is
actually Bluetooth meaning you can put
it kind of anywhere in your sitting
vicinity
Colin apparently chose right beside the
couch that's nice it'll be like a nice
you know cup holder or
something the vibrations won't be that
bad right what's this then you guys are
just having a party without me of
course a crab raave
party can I join of
[Music]
course your couch is orange you have got
to lose this simp Behavior what's about
orange really oh my god really did he
already own these they were under this
the entire time the moment you left for
lunch he lifts it up he's like they're
going to match the pillows now see I was
joking before and it turned out to be
true okay I don't want to be that guy
but like come on is it same that he's
not arguing that it's not the same he's
saying you matched your couch to the
comp's color I thought I was the S you
are why are you trying to get us out in
traffic
you doing it no you're I'm the back yeah
no I'm the red one I'm the red one I'm
toast oh I can't take us into traffic
all right I was
trying
wow there you go my God move the
furniture stop it mine I saw comments
asking why AMD shoots take all day this
is one of the
reasons put the Barbe got it no no it's
mine to put it's mine it's mine I'm
putting it in I'm going to get it yeah
Ching let's
go what this is where we ride that's so
dangerous editor insert the footage of
Luke and lonus in the back of the
U-Haul what when did that happen uh
moving out Vlog part two what is with
all of you guys and buying fancy cameras
and lenses what are you going to do with
an
a6700 I actually want to shoot more
music videos with this these then we've
got a nice little 16 to 55 zoom lens and
then you also picked up a drone my
goodness have DJI drones ever gotten
small what are you planning to do with a
Mini 3 you know that there's basically
nowhere in the Lower Mainland that you
can legally fly because of all the
airports right man their manufacturing
tolerances got to be so tight cuz it's
251 G you're done Bud my goodness the
controller weighs more than the
Drone that's wild yeah we don't need the
controller up so I haven't played around
with any of DJI stuff in the last little
bit really and I probably won't cuzz
what the US government's going to like
outlaw them or whatever got them they're
working on
it oh my God oh my God oh my God oh my
God okay please can we cut it can we cut
it
stop it's too fast what an upgrade man
you got the handheld console you've got
the upgraded couch we've got the
upgraded speakers man this was one of
the most practical sort of allround
upgrades and also there was fire to play
with thanks AMD thank you if you guys
enjoyed this video maybe check out the
one where shro yeah the one the one
where we bought an AMD gold grill